THIS IS A LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE DEVELOPER AND THE END 
USER OF THIS SOFTWARE. BY USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU HEREBY AGREE 
TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1. Liabilities

THIS PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

2. Disclaimer
TheGrid is a Minecraft-based computer hacking simulator, 
intended to provide fun and educational gameplay for its users. 
By releasing this software, the developer is in no way 
encouraging malicious computer hacking or illegal Internet 
activities. You are responsible for your actions in the real 
world.

3. Copyright
The developer (FireBreath15, aka xFyreWolfx) retains all rights 
to this software and all of its constituents. These include, 
but are not limited to, the (1) idea and theme of TheGrid, 
(2) the gameplay mechanics of TheGrid, (3) all names, titles, 
logos, and taglines belonging to TheGrid, and (4) source code, 
publishing rights, and intellectual ownership of TheGrid. This 
software is released as freeware, available to the public free 
of charge. Modification and redistribution is permitted, so 
long as the original author is credited.

4. Resale
You are permitted to modify the plugin and redistribute the 
plugin in accordance with section (3). Because this software 
is freeware, any premium sale of this plugin is strictly 
prohibited. 